{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 PingFang SC;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Unicode MS;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial Unicode MS;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\rtlch\af6\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7 \ltrch\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af7 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.5.1.2$MacOSX_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/fcbaee479e84c6cd81291587d2ee68cba099e129}{\info{\creatim\yr2023\mo7\dy12\hr8\min44}{\revtim\yr2023\mo7\dy12\hr10\min5}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale120
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Page Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgndec\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I view programming as an art and passion. While others might view coding as just a job, to me it's a calling. I believe Artificial Intelligence technologies have the potential to benefit the world I and want to be a part of that. I know I'm capable of great things, I just need the opportunity and environment to make it happen. I have a solid foundational understanding }{\loch
in AI from a math perspective, but I\u8217\'92ve been increasingly interested is data acquisition and cleaning. If given an opportunity with Curate, I vow to transform my own curiosity and ingenuity into practical on-the-ground solutions to high value problems. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I believe doing is the best way to learn, and thus I have done lots of personal projects. However the one I feel most proud of involved transforming high-level math concepts into practical }{\loch
solutions.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
The high-level goal was to create a 2D racing game similar to a game I used to play. The first interesting challenge I solved was level generation. The car needed hills to drive on, and I thought N dimensional polynomials would make a great in-game proxy. I developed a GUI which would take a set of points, and generate a polynomial intersecting the points. This involved solving a system of equations, and I eventually created an algorithm to put a matrix into row echelon form, solving for the coefficients that would intersect the points. From there I developed my own engine to combine multiple polynomials together, creating what I later learned was a spline. It worked wonderfully to quickly generate levels for my racing game. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Now that I had my hills, I needed to figure out how to intersect the flying wheels of the car with them. This turned out to a surprisingly nontrivial problem. It boiled down to intersecting a circle moving over time with an N dimensional polynomial, which there was no known way to do generally. To solve this problem, I created an original equation which capitalized on the geometric properties of circles, simplifying the matter greatly and reducing the time complexity from O(n^3) of the brute force approach to O(n) using the new equation. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I felt so proud because even though I had not yet even transferred from my community college, the experience showed me I was capable of solving problems no one else had. I also realized just how much fun coding could be, as well as how much like wrestling a bear. }
\par }